Support TLS for lakeFS (#5322)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/deploy/onprem.md

   ⚠️ Notice that the lakeFS Blockstore type is set to `s3` - This configuration works with S3-compatible storage engines such as [MinIO](https://min.io/){: target="blank" }.
   {: .note }

> 1. In the case the TLS/SSL termination is not done by your infrastrure's load balancer or cluster manager.
>    lakeFS can be configure to listen and serve HTTPS by adding the following to the configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Whenever TLS/SSL is not terminated by your cluster manager or load balancer, add the following configuration to lakeFS to listen and serve HTTPS:
```
maybe...

   ```yaml
   tls:
     enabled: true
     cert_file: server.crt   # provide path to your certificate file

>      key_file: server.key    # provide paht to your server private key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     key_file: server.key    # provide path to your server private key
```

   To configure a load balancer to direct requests to the lakeFS servers you can use the `LoadBalancer` Service type or a Kubernetes Ingress.
   By default, lakeFS operates on port 8000 and exposes a `/_health` endpoint that you can use for health checks.

   💡 The NGINX Ingress Controller by default limits the client body size to 1 MiB.
   Some clients use bigger chunks to upload objects - for example, multipart upload to lakeFS using the [S3-compatible Gateway](../understand/architecture.md#s3-gateway) or 
   a simple PUT request using the [OpenAPI Server](../understand/architecture.md#openapi-server).
   Checkout Nginx [documentation](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/#custom-max-body-size) for increasing the limit, or an example of Nginx configuration with [MinIO](https://docs.min.io/docs/setup-nginx-proxy-with-minio.html).
   {: .note }

</div>
</div>

## Secure connection

It is recommended that TLS/SSL termination by your infrastructure's load balancer or cluster manager.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think this needs rephrasing

Author: updated

> To configure your local lakeFS to listen and serve with HTTPS, update `config.yaml` with the additional `tls` section:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure your local lakeFS to listen and serve with HTTPS, update the lakeFS config yaml with the additional `tls` section:
```

Author: we don't explain on each page how we translate the config.yaml entries from/to env vars names. In this page the guide was based on config.yaml so I've explained how to update the file to include the relevant settings.
